Definition:

The problem that is to be solved by this program is to create a Sudoku Puzzle which is represented by a 9-by-9 arrangement of squares. This structure is then subdivided into 3-by-3 blocks. This type of puzzle comes with a particular subset of squares that are filled in with numbers ranging from 1 to 9. To solve this puzzle the program must fill in all blank spaces/squares with numbers ranging from 1 to 9. Specifically, no row, column, or 3-by-3 block in the puzzle has the same number twice. 

Specifications:

The goal of this program is to build a Sudoku Puzzle structure, read an input that should represent a valid Sudoku Puzzle, keep track of the initial open spaces and current open spaces of that puzzle, and lastly solve the puzzle recursively using a backtracking approach. 
The structure will be represented by a multidimensional 9-by-9 Square array known as puzzleStructure_ that is made up of simple Square objects. These Square objects will need to hold an int value_ which represents the squares numerical value and a bool fixed_ value that designates if the current Square represents an initial puzzle value as these values should not be altered by the solving algorithm. This bool will play the role as a guard for later implementations. The Puzzle structure will also maintain a value known as int size_ that hold the initial value of open spaces after a valid Puzzle has been provided and inserted into the Puzzle object. 
This program shall utilize a recursive backtracking approach to solve the Sudoku Puzzle. A solve (int row, int col) method shall begin solving the Puzzle at the given row and column. First the method must determine if there are any open spaces, if no, it should return true as there are no open spaces as such the Puzzle object should be solved. The next action to take place in the solve method is to find/move to the next Square that is an empty space by passing row and col by reference to a method that will locate this blank Square. Next, the method will attempt to insert a value ranging from 1-9 and check it is a legal move to insert that value. If legal it will insert and recursively call solve, if backtracking is required, the method will backtrack be removing the none fixed inserted value. This should continue till the Puzzle has been solved. 

Sudoku Puzzles can be found in the Test Cases.txt. Enter these in when prompted for a puzzle by the application
